# Disclaimer

{% hint style="warning" %}
This whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offering document and is not a solicitation for investment and does not constitute an offer of financial instruments, securities to the public or a collective investment scheme. Any decision to purchase $ENN Token shall be based on consideration of this whitepaper as a whole. The issuer has a right to:
{% endhint %}

1. Make changes to this whitepaper and any documents linked to the ENVERSE/$ENN token and/or holding and use of $ENN token to ensure compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements.
2. Do all that is necessary to be in compliance with any regulatory requirements, including but not limited to, interrupting, suspending or ceasing the operations or trading of the $ENN token if deemed necessary at the issuer’s sole discretion. It is solely up to you to ensure that no prior or subsequent approval, notification, registration or license is needed or if such is needed, it is solely up to you to obtain such prior or subsequent approval, notification, registration or license or require any form in the country where you are a citizen, national, resident or having a similar connecting factor, or incorporated, registered or effectively managed. The issuer shall not in any way be liable for any non-conformity of the above by you.&#x20;

This whitepaper, the $ENN tokens and/or the use and trading of the $ENN token carries no rights, whether express or implied, other than for their use on the ENVERSE platform, it’s associated platforms and trading on cryptocurrency exchanges. $ENN tokens do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent rights, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation relating to the issuer. $ENN tokens do not give you any entitlement to acquire any such interest or entitlement in respect of the issuer. The team of the issuer, as identified in the issuer information section of this whitepaper, are the persons responsible for the information contained in this whitepaper. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the administrators of the issuer (who have all taken reasonable care to ensure such is the case), the information contained in this whitepaper is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The administrators of the issuer accept responsibility accordingly.
